Oh Nu'
And I will answer Well straight only want We sat's Note 2 o'clock Karamatapi it
There is something like good
In the door Well, but loud voice commensurate with its body just as it is seen anymore but it is there
Do not speak your voice straight and loudly
Thing I'm any other party have in it
It is not good if you do not accept any
I mean
Also it properly puts formula words of people who have a strange discussion wanna Makomi of Naa is because of that
I heard that Bhubane woman explained roughly and that really roughly that ah
Because medium-sound name when do I was'm that child
Because I drop it like myself , it's not right I'm this person together
Well I think I receive is spun and after I actually Tin hole would Kao
According to the city ​​I heard that the character who was the object of the audition of the male character spins blood
The contents of the person that Miki cedar's Oh why is I that Miki cedar dog 2 audition Aiu
I was cut kilometers like a Shin'nu and over there to the child
When the scene and be come a two-turn Xin came doing high Pa' and tension
The rest is a little like a workshop c feeling everyone guys a little
I 'll let it play like a gap, and I feel like it's another cool character
Well, I tried my sister to try various aspects, but I want to get this out of it
I thought and I Nde like a feeling that was already something in that I went last month in Son put forth This is absolute
In in sputum when it was decided And then have to say anymore to the first of all the way manager
I see it in really eventually Well put forth-sensitive is Maibasu
It is why has led to the firing rich that over there I Kumito' I had you in Gamagori in
I suppose
Since I'm not here anymore it is also in the other it somewhere that Do not have to pull the whole work huh array in
Though it is the Tohoku soul according to Ney and delusion, it is also something that the meaning is that power or it is something
Work energy
no something
Oh symbol like a first gotten'm in it So again this dialogue is thought that not be removed
The result of doing everything
Without Well Thats will change another softening government it has become to Anna I felt every time
Certificate is also dialogue luck in this work flexible is to never change across the board that players
That's how it feels like that, so this week it's hip
Thats it a full N Is the Toka or let angered say I
Which operates the still that I'm more than serve as what the 2 Gamagori that their exits in it
I'm sorry, but my line of speech that I said Panh
Well, I guess it was that it was overdone, but don't say that I dropped it
Whether the content of the dialogue has changed by making the way of the momentum
I was happy, but that was the last part of Inada-kun's line every time
Buber Well I 'm happy I want to go in summer than myself last week
I wonder if there is also Toka thickness of the dialogue that has been given but it is do